
Early July
1) Try the test among ourselves, and our relatives to get more feedback. (More feedback)
2) Improve the demo. (Desktop Done, Mobile not ready)
3) Start a business plan. (On-going)

Mid July - Late July
4) Find people we can trust for initial funding. Roughly we need to have an idea of how much is needed in order to support both of us for at most 1 year. We must prepare ourselves for a pay cut. If I starts early, how soon can you start? Or should we both start at the same time.
5) Figure out our exit plan. What do we do after let's say half a year or 1 year? Let's think more about that.
6) Figure out what methods to file patents.

June 29, 2014

1. (Howard) Fix the pop-up error message during viewing.
   A logging text window should work better.
   DONE.

2. (Howard) Check the possibility of mix ony a percentage of the loopback stream.
    Compare it with not including the loopback, and including 100% of the loopback stream.
   DONE.

3. (Howard) enable users to select their songs
   DONE.

4. (Howard) mixing mp3 audio with speex audio on the mixer side. (One week)
   On-Going

5. (Howard) migrating environment to macbook air.
   On-Going

1. (Raymond) To follow up with Yantao, the Quanshi CTO.
    Need to give him a call on 12th of July.

2. (Raymond) To come up with the initial version of the business plan for on-line Karaoke.
   DONE.

3. (Raymond) To check the options for upgrading AWS instance. 
    DONE.

4. (Raymond) Share XCode account with Howard.
    DONE.

5. (Raymond) Continue the work for bandwidth estimation

June 15, 2014

* Provide a high-evel list over advantages of our advantages.
  (Pending decision from Howard over whether or not we want to do that).
  (Done and sent to Yantao on Jun 27, 2014)

June 8, 2014

1. (Howard) investigate the the performance issue
   * Are there bugs leading to the issues?
   * What we can do to opimitzed?
2. (Raymond) update the business plan


May 18, 2014

1. (Raymond) try building 1.0.1 using eclipse
   - No need as we can build 1.0.2. on AWS now.

2. (Raymond) try building 1.0.2 o AWS
   - Working.
  
3. (Howard) to copy RTMP for Raymond

4. (Howard) threading model in red5 architecture

5. (Howard) server modification to support stream massaging, mixing etc

5. (Raymond) working on b/w estimation


